* Here's a breakdown of what grid-column: 1/-1; does in CSS:

1. It positions a grid item within a grid container.

It uses the shorthand property grid-column to define both the starting and ending lines of the item's grid area.
2. It specifies a specific start line and an "implicit" end line.

1: It starts the item on the first grid column line (the leftmost line).
-1: It ends the item on the implicit last grid column line (the rightmost line, even if you haven't explicitly defined it).
3. It makes the item span all columns in the grid.

By starting at the first column and ending at the last column, the item effectively occupies every column in the grid, regardless of the number of columns defined.
Example:

CSS
.container {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr); /* Create 4 equal-width columns */
}

.item {
  grid-column: 1/-1; /* Span all columns */
  background-color: lightblue;
}

* what is the difference between word-wrap and word-break in css?
While both word-wrap and word-break deal with how text overflows in CSS, they differ in their approach and outcome:

word-wrap:

Purpose: Prevents overflowing text by moving entire words to the next line.
Behavior:
Only breaks words if they cannot fit completely on the line without overflowing the container.
Tries to maintain word integrity, not breaking within a word unless absolutely necessary.
This results in a more natural reading experience.
Values:
normal: Default behavior, allowing overflows if words don't fit.
break-word: Breaks words at arbitrary points if needed to prevent overflow.
word-break:

Purpose: Controls how words are broken when reaching the end of a line, regardless of overflow.
Behavior:
Can break words even if they could fit on the line if needed to prevent overflow.
Offers more control over breaking points, but can lead to awkward looking word breaks.
Useful for languages with no hyphenation or for specific design needs.
Values:
normal: Default behavior, following standard language hyphenation rules.
break-all: Breaks words at any character to prevent overflow (might affect readability).
keep-all: Prevents any word breaks within a line, even if it overflows.
Other specific values to control break points based on punctuation, hyphens, etc.
